OCDemo/README.md, before:

# TRTC MacOS Demo (Objective-C)

这个开源示例Demo主要演示如何基于 [TRTC 实时音视频 SDK](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/647/32689)，快速实现一些音视频场景的基本功能。

在这个示例项目中包含了以下场景：

- 视频通话
- 视频互动直播

## 环境要求
- Xcode 10.2及以上版本

## 前提条件
您已 [注册腾讯云](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/17985) 账号，并完成 [实名认证](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/3629)。

## 操作步骤

### 步骤1：创建新的应用
1. 登录实时音视频控制台，选择【开发辅助】>【[快速跑通Demo](https://console.cloud.tencent.com/trtc/quickstart)】。
2. 单击【立即开始】，输入应用名称，例如`TestTRTC`，单击【创建应用】。
3. 单击【我已下载】，会看到页面上展示了您的 SDKAppID 和密钥。

### 步骤2：配置 Demo 工程中的AppID和密钥
1. 打开工程中的 [GenerateTestUserSig.h](TRTCDemo/TRTC/GenerateTestUserSig.h) 文件
2. 配置`GenerateTestUserSig.h`文件中的相关参数：
  <ul><li>SDKAPPID：默认为0，请设置为实际的 SDKAppID。</li>
  <li>SDKSECRETKEY：默认为空字符串，请设置为实际的密钥信息。</li></ul> 
    <img src="https://main.qcloudimg.com/raw/15d986c5f4bc340e555630a070b90d63.png">
3. 返回实时音视频控制台，单击【粘贴完成，下一步】。
4. 单击【关闭指引，进入控制台管理应用】。

>!本文提到的生成 UserSig 的方案是在客户端代码中配置 SDKSECRETKEY，该方法中 SDKSECRETKEY 很容易被反编译逆向破解，一旦您的密钥泄露，攻击者就可以盗用您的腾讯云流量，因此**该方法仅适合本地跑通 Demo 和功能调试**。
>正确的 UserSig 签发方式是将 UserSig 的计算代码集成到您的服务端，并提供面向 App 的接口，在需要 UserSig 时由您的 App 向业务服务器发起请求获取动态 UserSig。更多详情请参见 [服务端生成 UserSig](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/647/17275#Server)。

## 5. 编译运行
在终端窗口中 cd 到 Podfile 所在目录执行以下命令安装 TRTC SDK
```
pod install
```
或使用以下命令更新本地库版本：
```
pod update
```
使用 XCode （9.0 以上的版本） 打开源码目录下的 TRTCDemo.xcworkspace 工程，编译并运行 Demo 工程即可。

Commit message:

【api-example】【TRTC_Mac】Modify Chinese in some codes

OCDemo/README.md, after:

# TRTC MacOS Demo (Objective-C)

This open source example Demo mainly demonstrates how to quickly implement some basic functions of audio and video scenarios based on [TRTC Real-time Audio and Video SDK](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/647/32689).

The following scenarios are included in this sample project:

- video call
- Video interactive live broadcast

## Environmental requirements
- Xcode 10.2 and above

## Prerequisites
You have [registered Tencent Cloud](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378/17985) account and completed [real-name authentication](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/378 /3629).

## Steps

### Step 1: Create a new application
1. Log in to the real-time audio and video console, select [Development Assistance] > [Quick Run Demo] (https://console.cloud.tencent.com/trtc/quickstart)].
2. Click [Start Now], enter the application name, such as `TestTRTC`, and click [Create Application].
3. Click [I have downloaded] and you will see your SDKAppID and key displayed on the page.

### Step 2: Configure the AppID and key in the Demo project
1. Open the [GenerateTestUserSig.h](TRTCDemo/TRTC/GenerateTestUserSig.h) file in the project
2. Configure the relevant parameters in the `GenerateTestUserSig.h` file:
   <ul><li>SDKAPPID: The default is 0, please set it to the actual SDKAppID. </li>
   <li>SDKSECRETKEY: The default is an empty string, please set it to the actual key information. </li></ul>
     <img src="https://main.qcloudimg.com/raw/15d986c5f4bc340e555630a070b90d63.png">
3. Return to the real-time audio and video console and click [Paste Complete, Next].
4. Click [Close the guide and enter the console management application].

>! The solution to generate UserSig mentioned in this article is to configure SDKSECRETKEY in the client code. In this method, SDKSECRETKEY can easily be decompiled and reverse cracked. Once your key is leaked, the attacker can steal your Tencent Cloud traffic. Therefore **This method is only suitable for local run-through Demo and functional debugging**.
>The correct way to issue UserSig is to integrate the UserSig calculation code into your server and provide an App-oriented interface. When UserSig is needed, your App initiates a request to the business server to obtain the dynamic UserSig. For more details, please see [Server-side generation of UserSig](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/647/17275#Server).

## 5. Compile and run
In the terminal window, cd to the directory where the Podfile is located and execute the following command to install TRTC SDK
```
pod install
```
Or use the following command to update the local library version:
```
pod update
```
Use XCode (version 9.0 or above) to open the TRTCDemo.xcworkspace project in the source directory, compile and run the Demo project.
